alright going to do a five pack break of
2007 leave certified materials these are
I'll be packs looking at some good stuff
here
and then first pack got a journey
shockey fabric of the game insert and
that is number 41 of 50
there's nothing in them
I'll base
I'm gonna do a freshman fabric of
Patrick Willis has number thirteen forty
eight of 14 99
alright and there is a nice card right
there I've got Marshawn Lynch and that
is a freshman fabric looks like triple
got an event worn jersey event used
football and event worn helmet and that
is number 11 of 50 really nice card
their bills running back door key
running back nothing in that one killer
card in there the 5-pack break that is a
nice card bills rookie running back
Marshawn Lynch triple game used or event
used i should say there